Fixed typos and added a relative link (#345)
oracle/javavscode: README.md

## Debugger and Launch Configurations

> Language Server __Java+ ...__ launch configuration supports debugging and running Java applications using JDK11 or newer. 

Reviewer: change JDK11 to JDK8?

1. The launch configuration (debugger) is invoked when `Run main | Debug main` codelens is selected in the code.
2. Or __Java+...__ is selected in __Run and Debug__ activity panel.  
![Debug configurations](vscode/images/debuggers.png)
### Launch Configurations
* __Launch Java App__ - Debug or Run current Java project
* __Attach to Port__ & __Attach to Process__ - Attach debugger actions. Available when __Java+ ...__ at the bottom of drop down list is selected.
    * Select this configuration, then click the ![Run](vscode/images/run.png) 
    * Select either from available process or enter the port to connect to JVM running with JDWP.

>     * __Attach to Shared Memory__ is available on Windows in addition to above mentioned _Attach..._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * __Attach to Shared Memory__ is available on Windows in addition to the _Attach..._ configurations above.
```

Default launch configurations provided by Language Server can modified in `launch.json` file.

### Run Configurations panel

> Program arguments, VM options, environment variables,... can be set in Run Configuration panel a part of Explorer. The panel is sufficient for all typical use-cases Java programmer faces. Only advanced, expert scenarios may require touching of `launch.json` (which still takes precedence).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Program arguments, VM options, environment variables, etc. can be set in the Run Configuration panel within VS Code's Activity bar Explorer view. The panel caters for most typical use-cases that programmers face for running their Java programs. Only advanced, expert scenarios may require using `launch.json` to define customised launch targets which take precedence over the Run Configuration.  
```
